README.md, before:

# TRANSPARENCY CHECKLIST

This is a public repository of the consensus-based transparency checklist developed by Aczel, et al. (2019).

### What is the Transparency Checklist?

The Transparency Checklist is a comprehensive checklist that researchers can use to improve and document the transparency of their research. This checklist was developed for social and behavioral scientists who conduct and report confirmatory research on primary data. Nevertheless, several of the checklist items may also be relevant for other approaches and disciplines. 

### Where to find the Transparency Checklist?

The transparency checklist is available online at http://www.shinyapps.org/apps/TransparencyChecklist/. The short version of the checklist is available at http://www.shinyapps.org/apps/ShortTransparencyChecklist/.

### How to use it?

- The checklist refers to a single study of interest.
- Please respond to each checklist item. If necessary, you can provide an explanation at the end of each section. 
- When the question refers to your manuscript, this includes all supplementary materials and appendices that are relevant to the study of interest.
- After all the questions have been answered, you can generate a transparency report for your study by pressing the button labeled GENERATE REPORT at the bottom of the page. 
- Save your transparency report on your computer. Note that after you download your report, your responses on the checklist will not be saved by our webpage.
- Upload your transparency report to a public repository. 

### What does this repository contain?

The repository contains code for the shiny applications. 

[Code for the full transparency checklist](TransparencyChecklist/)

[Code for the short transparenct checklist](ShortTransparencyChecklist/)


### Feedback

Feedback and recommendations for an update of the checklist can be provided here: [https://forms.gle/raN7q1ucpov5sX316](https://forms.gle/raN7q1ucpov5sX316) or on this repository using the [issues page](https://github.com/BalazsAczel/TransparencyChecklist/issues).


### Citation

You can cite the Transparency Checklist as follows: 

Aczel, B., Szaszi, B., Sarafoglou, A. Kekecs, Z., Kucharský, Š., Benjamin, D., ... & Wagenmakers, E.-J. (2019). A consensus-based transparency checklist. *Nature Human Behavior*, 1--3. [doi:10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6)

BibTeX entry:

```
@article{Aczel2019,
  doi = {10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6},
  url = {https://doi.org/10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6},
  year = {2019},
  month = dec,
  publisher = {Springer Science and Business Media {LLC}},
  author = {Balazs Aczel and Barnabas Szaszi and Alexandra Sarafoglou and Zoltan Kekecs and {\v{S}}imon Kucharsk{\'{y}} and Daniel Benjamin and Christopher D. Chambers and Agneta Fisher and Andrew Gelman and Morton A. Gernsbacher and John P. Ioannidis and Eric Johnson and Kai Jonas and Stavroula Kousta and Scott O. Lilienfeld and D. Stephen Lindsay and Candice C. Morey and Marcus Monaf{\`{o}} and Benjamin R. Newell and Harold Pashler and David R. Shanks and Daniel J. Simons and Jelte M. Wicherts and Dolores Albarracin and Nicole D. Anderson and John Antonakis and Hal R. Arkes and Mitja D. Back and George C. Banks and Christopher Beevers and Andrew A. Bennett and Wiebke Bleidorn and Ty W. Boyer and Cristina Cacciari and Alice S. Carter and Joseph Cesario and Charles Clifton and Ron{\'{a}}n M. Conroy and Mike Cortese and Fiammetta Cosci and Nelson Cowan and Jarret Crawford and Eveline A. Crone and John Curtin and Randall Engle and Simon Farrell and Pasco Fearon and Mark Fichman and Willem Frankenhuis and Alexandra M. Freund and M. Gareth Gaskell and Roger Giner-Sorolla and Don P. Green and Robert L. Greene and Lisa L. Harlow and Fernando Hoces de la Guardia and Derek Isaacowitz and Janet Kolodner and Debra Lieberman and Gordon D. Logan and Wendy B. Mendes and Lea Moersdorf and Brendan Nyhan and Jeffrey Pollack and Christopher Sullivan and Simine Vazire and Eric-Jan Wagenmakers},
  title = {A consensus-based transparency checklist},
  journal = {Nature Human Behaviour}
}
```

Commit message:

update README.md for stable branch

README.md, after:

# TRANSPARENCY CHECKLIST

This is a public repository of the consensus-based transparency checklist developed by Aczel, et al. (2019).

This is a `stable` branch that is __not going to change__. This branch contains the original release of the shiny app presented in the screenshots in Aczel, et al. (2019).


### What is the Transparency Checklist?

The Transparency Checklist is a comprehensive checklist that researchers can use to improve and document the transparency of their research. This checklist was developed for social and behavioral scientists who conduct and report confirmatory research on primary data. Nevertheless, several of the checklist items may also be relevant for other approaches and disciplines. 

### Where to find the Transparency Checklist?

The transparency checklist is available online at http://www.shinyapps.org/apps/TransparencyChecklist/. The short version of the checklist is available at http://www.shinyapps.org/apps/ShortTransparencyChecklist/.

### How to use it?

- The checklist refers to a single study of interest.
- Please respond to each checklist item. If necessary, you can provide an explanation at the end of each section. 
- When the question refers to your manuscript, this includes all supplementary materials and appendices that are relevant to the study of interest.
- After all the questions have been answered, you can generate a transparency report for your study by pressing the button labeled GENERATE REPORT at the bottom of the page. 
- Save your transparency report on your computer. Note that after you download your report, your responses on the checklist will not be saved by our webpage.
- Upload your transparency report to a public repository. 

### What does this repository contain?

The repository contains code for the shiny applications. 

[Code for the full transparency checklist](TransparencyChecklist/)

[Code for the short transparenct checklist](ShortTransparencyChecklist/)


### Feedback

Feedback and recommendations for an update of the checklist can be provided here: [https://forms.gle/raN7q1ucpov5sX316](https://forms.gle/raN7q1ucpov5sX316) or on this repository using the [issues page](https://github.com/BalazsAczel/TransparencyChecklist/issues).


### Citation

You can cite the Transparency Checklist as follows: 

Aczel, B., Szaszi, B., Sarafoglou, A. Kekecs, Z., Kucharský, Š., Benjamin, D., ... & Wagenmakers, E.-J. (2019). A consensus-based transparency checklist. *Nature Human Behavior*, 1--3. [doi:10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6)

BibTeX entry:

```
@article{Aczel2019,
  doi = {10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6},
  url = {https://doi.org/10.1038/s41562-019-0772-6},
  year = {2019},
  month = dec,
  publisher = {Springer Science and Business Media {LLC}},
  author = {Balazs Aczel and Barnabas Szaszi and Alexandra Sarafoglou and Zoltan Kekecs and {\v{S}}imon Kucharsk{\'{y}} and Daniel Benjamin and Christopher D. Chambers and Agneta Fisher and Andrew Gelman and Morton A. Gernsbacher and John P. Ioannidis and Eric Johnson and Kai Jonas and Stavroula Kousta and Scott O. Lilienfeld and D. Stephen Lindsay and Candice C. Morey and Marcus Monaf{\`{o}} and Benjamin R. Newell and Harold Pashler and David R. Shanks and Daniel J. Simons and Jelte M. Wicherts and Dolores Albarracin and Nicole D. Anderson and John Antonakis and Hal R. Arkes and Mitja D. Back and George C. Banks and Christopher Beevers and Andrew A. Bennett and Wiebke Bleidorn and Ty W. Boyer and Cristina Cacciari and Alice S. Carter and Joseph Cesario and Charles Clifton and Ron{\'{a}}n M. Conroy and Mike Cortese and Fiammetta Cosci and Nelson Cowan and Jarret Crawford and Eveline A. Crone and John Curtin and Randall Engle and Simon Farrell and Pasco Fearon and Mark Fichman and Willem Frankenhuis and Alexandra M. Freund and M. Gareth Gaskell and Roger Giner-Sorolla and Don P. Green and Robert L. Greene and Lisa L. Harlow and Fernando Hoces de la Guardia and Derek Isaacowitz and Janet Kolodner and Debra Lieberman and Gordon D. Logan and Wendy B. Mendes and Lea Moersdorf and Brendan Nyhan and Jeffrey Pollack and Christopher Sullivan and Simine Vazire and Eric-Jan Wagenmakers},
  title = {A consensus-based transparency checklist},
  journal = {Nature Human Behaviour}
}
```
